JP-4239: Output the "chisq" Array when Using the LIKELY Algorithm (#10285)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/ramp_fitting/description.rst

There is a new algorithm available for testing in ramp fitting, which is the
likelihood algorithm.  It is selected by setting ``--ramp_fitting.algorithm=LIKELY``.
The details are in the ``stcal`` documentation at
:ref:`Likelihood Algorithm Details <stcal:likelihood_algo>`. When using this algorithm
there is an additional ``chisq`` array that is returned from ramp fitting that
can now be saved, if desired. When using the ``LIKELY`` algorithm, this can be
saved by setting the step parameter ``save_opt`` to true. The ``chisq`` array

> contains the information from the equation model equation defined at the link

Reviewer: There are a few different equations at the link, so I think we need to be a little more specific here.  How about this:

```suggestion
contains the chi-squared fit quality measure for each pixel. This quantity is defined at the link
```
